hey this day with the Shepherd school
what we're gonna do today is dehydrate
some garlic we're gonna make us some
garlic powder and you got some nice good
bulbs okay no no we're gonna do we're
gonna peel the paper off and get them to
the actual clothes okay so I have pulled
off all the paper and now we're just
gonna slice them a little bit so that
they dry quicker
now that we have our garlic peeled and
sliced up even though you don't
necessarily probably have to slice it up
but it's going to make it you hydrate
whole lot quicker we're gonna put it in
there put the lid back on it sit at 125
we're gonna put the top of the six hours
okay we'll come back when it's done
unless you see what it looks like all
right so here is my garlic that's like
three and a half four cloves after it's
dehydrated and once it's dehydrated you
can grind this in a mortar and pestle a
greenmail you can you know leave it in
chunks I'm gonna do it in the blender
even though this isn't really the best
way it's the easiest for today so we're
just gonna grind it okay so there it is
like I said doing this isn't the best on
a blender and the boy he wanted to play
through so you can hear him he's in the
playpen
but anyway they've worked with but then
the wife wanted me to tell you that
we're gonna have some spaghetti tonight
so we're gonna use this to make some
homemade cartlett bread and I'm just
gonna take whatever we don't use to make
the garlic bread and put this in our
garlic powder container so that's all
there is to it really easy and until
next time you kitchen unlock
www.teamvedoe.com